Chapter 1: Found You
[???: My work is ALMOST complete. All I need is a human sacrifice, and the transformation ritual will be ready. Then I will finally be able to reach Immortality.]
An old man, With a ragged grey cloak, and hair that would be as white as snow if it was not for the dirt and grime stuck to it. His voice, high in pitch but rough. One of his eyes was basically rotting, as it was infested with what was worms.
The old man opens a book that contains people he has looked into in order to use as a sacrifice. The better the person's "Qualities" the better the results he gets.
[Old Man: Now lets see... The perfect candidate would be...]
The old man flips through the book. A old woman who was exiled for stealing food from the farms. Her face was scarred with cuts and lashes as punishment. One hand had all the fingers severed to remind her of her actions. She was seen in a forest nearby so it is easy access for the old man.
[Old Man: Now that I think about it. She is missing too much for this to work as well as I would like.]
The old man flips through the book. A young man with a beautiful face. He lives in a village far from the old man's mansion. He would be the best candidate Quality wise. However, He is surrounded by people who love him and need him. His work as a Knight is well known as he is the best in that village.
[Old Man: If I take him his disappearance would not be ignored, and him being a knight may prove to be difficult.] 
The old man flips through the book. A young kid who was as ordinary as could be. Except for the fact that he had no parents. He is in the same village as the aforementioned man. All he knew was that the kid was kind.
[Old Man: Well now is the best time to grab the kid. No one will care about his disappearance, perfect!]
The old man found the perfect candidate. His "Quality" was good enough to satisfy the old man. He just never knew who would stay alive. That is why he kept that book.
The distance of the village was a problem but he didn't care since the kid's disappearance would be less likely to lead back to him. As he prepares for his quick journey, he uses a cloak that he has in his closet. 
A legendary relic that allows him to disguise himself slightly. He changed his face to look less rugged and removed the visible rot.
After all his preparations were done, he started his journey to the village. He used wind magic to lighten the burden on himself and make himself move faster.
A journey of 2 days and 2 nights, one where he kept himself hidden from all eyes. He was meticulous as to not have anything lead back to him. Whether it is sneak by a camp, or not killing any wildlife, he made sure that it was as though he was never there.
When the old man reached the village, he was greeted finely. In that village there were many people who knew his face. The disguised face that is. He was known as a healer in that village. Of course the old man wanted them to think good of him so that he can easily capture a sacrifice. Something he though of many years ago, he was proud that he went with the idea.
[???: Welcome back to our village, Salazar. Would you like me to gather those who may need your services again?]
The person in front of the old man was the village chief's right hand man and also the second candidate for the Human sacrifice. The name that the old man was called, Salazar, was a fake name of course.
["Salazar": Sadly, I don't have that much time left. I have visited this village not only because of it's great sceneries and people, but also because I am looking for my successor. I would like to find one soon due to my old age.]
[???: Your age does not look as advanced as you say.]
["Salazar": You flatter me.]
[???: In the matter of finding a successor, let me assist you to compensate for all you have done for us.]
["Salazar": You really don't have to, Ivann. I was just going to stroll around and look at any promising children.]
[Ivann: It is the least I can do. Enjoy the scenery without any interruptions while I gather all the children that can be good successors.]
["Salazar": I'll take you up on that offer then.]
The old man smiled as everything is going the way he had hoped it would. He did enjoy the scenery a tiny bit, but in all honesty, the old man was only interested in the ways to which he can experiment on things he saw in the wild.
Half a day passed, as the old man was thinking of another possible experiment, a maid came up to him and did a graceful bow.
[Maid: Greetings great Salazar. I have been asked by my master to tell you that the possible successors were gathered.]
A small smile showed on the old man's face. It was a sweet smile like a smile a parent would show their children. That smile would have been too ugly if no one was there to witness it.
["Salazar": Ah, thank you for informing me about it. May you escort me back please, I seem to have lost my way a bit]
The old man asked for an escort because he did not care about the village that much to remember the locations of different places. 
[Maid: Then I shall]
["Salazar": Thank you]
As they approached a big mansion, the old man asked.
["Salazar": The garden looks a little different. Are you sure we are in the correct location?]
[Maid: Worry not, Master has hired a new a new gardener that fits more to his tastes.]
["Salazar": I see. As usual, Ivann has great taste.]
The maid didn't reply any further, and opened the door for the old man.
[Ivann: Welcome to my mansion. If you need anything, please ask any of the maids here.]
["Salazar": You are too kind, Ivann.]
[Ivann: Would you like to look at the children or would you like to have something to eat?]
["Salazar": I would have went for the food if the people of the village were not so generous with their gifts. This village is too nice to me.]
The old man said with a bitter smile on his face. He enjoyed the gifts which did include food, but the excessive amounts made it more of a nuisance.
[Ivann: Hahaha, you have done much for us. You can tell that they are thankful... However, they may be overdoing it. You are a busy person so I shall tell them to calm down a bit.]
["Salazar": That would be appreciated.]
[Ivann: Well then, lets move over to the garden in the back.]
They went to the back garden and there were many kids that were playing around. Ivann gathered the children around and told them about how "Salazar" is a good man and that he wants to find someone specific. 
The wording Ivann used to describe "Salazar" was 'Hero' to be exact. The children's imaginations went wild when they heard the word 'Hero' but were questioning why they were there.
The old man looked at the children and then he noticed that his target was not visible. He looked at Ivann and spoke.
["Salazar": These are promising children, but I do not want to take them away from their parents. Which ones are orphans?]
[Ivann: The parents of these children were happy to have the chance of seeing their child become someone like you]
["Salazar": ... The parents will most likely not see their child ever again, the training would take many years... I don't want that for the parents.]
[Ivann: Oh... Well there is a near by orphanage that we can look at but it is currently too late. You can stay at the guest room of you wish.]
["Salazar": Alright then, We shall look at the orphanage tomorrow.]
The old man was slightly infuriated that he didn't find the child. His hope was that he would be done in one day but it seems that it may take longer.
He was escorted to the guest room as he also made sure to keep the cloak on to not have the disguise disappear.
A new dawn rises as the old man wakes up to the sun lighting up his face. A normal looking face that would have otherwise been a horrifying one if not for the cloak.
The old man quickly used wind magic to confine the smell that the rot produced to his face. Of course the smell irritates the old man as it is so concentrated. The smell was fine yesterday as he only had to confine it when he reached the village. Today however, the rotten smell was being built up in the room through out the night.
He made sure his disguise was fine and then open the door of his room, to which he was greeted with a maid waiting for him.
[Maid: Good Morning great Salazar, I was ordered to escort you to the orphanage whenever you are ready. Master has urgent matters to attend to so he will not be able to accompany you.]
["Salazar": It is fine, I would not want to burden Ivann further than I already have. I am ready to go, so if you may.]
[Maid: Then I shall escort you to the orphanage.]
On their way, the old man found that one of the stalls spread around him contained a rare material that he needed for a specific spell he wanted to preform.
["Salazar": Ah, please wait a minute, I found something I may need.]
[Maid: I will wait for you here.]
["Salazar": I won't be long.]
The old man walks over to the stall, and looks at the item. It seemed to be a Jade Gemstone, but to those who can see it, they can notice a spirit that is trapped inside of it. The old man needed to take a closer look in order to know which spirit it was, but he was hoping that it would be a dark spirit. If it was, then he would buy it in an instant.
[Stall Owner: Oh hello great Salazar, anything you would like to purchase? I am more than willing to reduce the price after you helped my daughter with her illness.]
["Salazar": Hello, I though I saw something interesting. Ah, that gemstone right there, may a look at it?]
[Stall Owner: Be my guest]
The old man grabs the gemstone and inspects the gemstone. As he starts to focus, he starts seeing the spirit. The spirit was not a dark spirit but a fire spirit. It was not what he wanted but it could prove useful as a catalyst for something else.
["Salazar": How much would this gemstone cost?]
[Stall Owner: It would cost around 20 silver, but I'll give it to you for 5.]
["Salazar": Here you go]
[Stall Owner: Thank you, please come again.]
As the old man was walking away he heard someone.
[???: HELP!!! HELP ME!! HEL-]
The old man heard a cry for help from the edges of the forest nearby. To keep with his character, he had to do something. He walked quickly to the direction of the voice and there he saw a kid, running away from a Dragma Wolf.
He got as close as he could and cast fire magic above the kid which ended up scaring the wolf back into the forest. It also did scare the kid as he proceeded to faint.
The old man walks up to the kid to check up on him and in turn finds himself exhilarated.
["Salazar": I found you]
He would not need to go to the orphanage for he has found his target. That kid. That ordinary kid. That orphaned kid. That specific kid he had been looking for.